updating Plotly to Chart Studio in _posts/dashboards-spectacle, _posts/financial, and _posts/fundamentals (#436)
plotly/plotly.github.io: _posts/fundamentals/2016-08-06-security-advisories.md

---
permalink: /security-advisories/
title: Chart Studio Security Advisories
layout: single_new
support: true
---

> Chart Studio encourages security researchers to find vulnerabilities in our systems as part of our [bounty program](/security/). As of August 1, 2016, we will also announce the security vulnerabilities in our systems after they have been evaluated and fixed across our Cloud and On-Premise systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plotly encourages security researchers to find vulnerabilities in our systems as part of our [bounty program](/security/). As of August 1, 2016, we will also announce the security vulnerabilities in our systems after they have been evaluated and fixed across our Cloud and On-Premise systems.
```
